readme.md, before:

=== EduAdmin - Dibs Easy Integration WordPress-plugin ===
Contributors: mnchga
Tags: booking, participants, courses, events, eduadmin, lega online, dibs, dibs easy
Requires at least: 4.9
Tested up to: 5.2
Stable tag: 1.0.0
Requires PHP: 5.2
License: GPL3
License-URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html
Plugin to the EduAdmin-Booking plugin to enable an Dibs Easy integration.

== Description ==

Plugin to enable payment via Dibs Easy integration in the [EduAdmin-Wordpress plugin](https://github.com/MultinetInteractive/EduAdmin-WordPress)

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/MultinetInteractive/eduadmin-dibs-easy-integration/latest.svg" alt="Commits since latest plugin version" />](https://wordpress.org/plugins/eduadmin-booking/)

Requires the following PHP-modules

- php-curl

== Installation ==

- Download and install the plugin from the plugin repository
- Enter the Dibs credentials into the plugins setting page
- Enable test mode (so you can try it out first)
- Add a page with the shortcode `[eduadmin-dibs-testpage]` (takes attributes `programmebookingid` or `bookingid`)
- Test if the workflow works
  - Go to the test page
  - See if any errors show up
  - Use one of the test cards from Dibs
- When you're done testing, disable test mode and publish your website to the public

== Changelog ==

Changelog available on https://github.com/MultinetInteractive/eduadmin-dibs-easy-integration/blob/production/CHANGELOG.md

Commit message:

chore: Rename from Dibs to Nets

readme.md, after:

=== EduAdmin - Nets Easy Integration WordPress-plugin ===
Contributors: mnchga
Tags: booking, participants, courses, events, eduadmin, lega online, nets, nets easy
Requires at least: 4.9
Tested up to: 5.3
Stable tag: 1.0.0
Requires PHP: 5.2
License: GPL3
License-URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html
Plugin to the EduAdmin-Booking plugin to enable an Nets Easy integration.

== Description ==

Plugin to enable payment via Nets Easy integration in the [EduAdmin-Wordpress plugin](https://github.com/MultinetInteractive/EduAdmin-WordPress)

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/MultinetInteractive/eduadmin-nets-easy-integration/latest.svg" alt="Commits since latest plugin version" />](https://wordpress.org/plugins/eduadmin-booking/)

Requires the following PHP-modules

- php-curl

== Installation ==

- Download and install the plugin from the plugin repository
- Enter the Nets credentials into the plugins setting page
- Enable test mode (so you can try it out first)
- Add a page with the shortcode `[eduadmin-nets-testpage]` (takes attributes `programmebookingid` or `bookingid`)
- Test if the workflow works
  - Go to the test page
  - See if any errors show up
  - Use one of the test cards from Nets
- When you're done testing, disable test mode and publish your website to the public

== Changelog ==

Changelog available on https://github.com/MultinetInteractive/eduadmin-nets-easy-integration/blob/production/CHANGELOG.md
