src/readme.md, before:

=== EduAdmin - Dibs Easy Integration WordPress-plugin ===
Contributors: mnchga
Tags: booking, participants, courses, events, eduadmin, lega online, dibs, dibs easy
Requires at least: $PLUGINATLEAST$
Tested up to: $PLUGINTESTEDTO$
Stable tag: $PLUGINVERSION$
Requires PHP: $PLUGINREQUIREDPHP$
License: GPL3
License-URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html
Plugin to the EduAdmin-Booking plugin to enable an Dibs Easy integration.

== Description ==

Plugin to enable payment via Dibs Easy integration in the [EduAdmin-Wordpress plugin](https://github.com/MultinetInteractive/EduAdmin-WordPress)

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/MultinetInteractive/eduadmin-dibs-easy-integration/latest.svg" alt="Commits since latest plugin version" />](https://wordpress.org/plugins/eduadmin-booking/)

Requires the following PHP-modules

- php-curl

== Installation ==

-   Upload the zip-file (or install from WordPress) and activate the plugin
-   Provide the API key from EduAdmin.
-   Create pages for the different views and give them their shortcodes

== Changelog ==

Changelog available on https://github.com/MultinetInteractive/eduadmin-dibs-easy-integration/blob/production/CHANGELOG.md

Commit message:

chore: Rename from Dibs to Nets

src/readme.md, after:

=== EduAdmin - Nets Easy Integration WordPress-plugin ===
Contributors: mnchga
Tags: booking, participants, courses, events, eduadmin, lega online, nets, nets easy
Requires at least: $PLUGINATLEAST$
Tested up to: $PLUGINTESTEDTO$
Stable tag: $PLUGINVERSION$
Requires PHP: $PLUGINREQUIREDPHP$
License: GPL3
License-URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html
Plugin to the EduAdmin-Booking plugin to enable an Nets Easy integration.

== Description ==

Plugin to enable payment via Nets Easy integration in the [EduAdmin-Wordpress plugin](https://github.com/MultinetInteractive/EduAdmin-WordPress)

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/MultinetInteractive/eduadmin-nets-easy-integration/latest.svg" alt="Commits since latest plugin version" />](https://wordpress.org/plugins/eduadmin-booking/)

Requires the following PHP-modules

- php-curl

== Installation ==

-   Upload the zip-file (or install from WordPress) and activate the plugin
-   Provide the API key from EduAdmin.
-   Create pages for the different views and give them their shortcodes

== Changelog ==

Changelog available on https://github.com/MultinetInteractive/eduadmin-nets-easy-integration/blob/production/CHANGELOG.md
